Add support for arbitrary linear combination gradient recipes (#909)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Breaking changes</h3>

> * Updated how gradient recipes are stored for operations, allowing for
>   gradient recipe definitions involving custom multipliers and with more than
>   two terms.
>   [(#909)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/909)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated how parameter-shift gradient recipes are defined for operations, allowing for
  gradient recipes that are specified as an arbitrary number of terms.
  [(#909)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/909)
  
  Previously, `Operation.grad_recipe` was restricted to two-term parameter-shift formulas.
  With this change, the gradient recipe now contains elements of the form
  $[c_i, a_i, s_i]$, resulting in a gradient recipe of

  $$\frac{\partial}{\partial\phi_k}f(\phi_k) = \sum_{i} c_i * f(a_i * \phi_k+s_i).$$
  
  As this is a breaking change, all custom operations with defined gradient recipes must be
  updated to continue working with PennyLane 0.13. Note though that if `grad_recipe = None`, the
  default gradient recipe remains unchanged, and corresponds to the two terms $[c_0, a_0, s_0]=[1/2, 1, \pi/2]$
  and $[c_1, a_1, s_1]=[-1/2, 1, -\pi/2]$ for every parameter.
```

Reviewer: Thought it was best to add some more details! Might have to double check that the math renders correctly.

Author: Thanks! Checked and updated.

<h3>Breaking changes</h3>

* Updated how parameter-shift gradient recipes are defined for operations, allowing for
  gradient recipes that are specified as an arbitrary number of terms.
  [(#909)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/909)

  Previously, `Operation.grad_recipe` was restricted to two-term parameter-shift formulas.
  With this change, the gradient recipe now contains elements of the form
  <img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=[c_i, a_i, s_i]">, resulting in a gradient recipe of

>   <img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\frac{\partial}{\partial\phi_k}f(\phi_k) = \sum_{i} c_i * f(a_i * \phi_k+s_i)">.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\frac{\partial}{\partial\phi_k}f(\phi_k) = \sum_{i} c_i * f(a_i * \phi_k + s_i)">.
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49409390/100159041-10a47300-2e7b-11eb-80f9-a5dab643fc18.png)
Looks cool! Noticed that the plus didn't show (although not sure if the suggestion will fix it)

Author: Oh good catch! [Have to go with `%2B` apparently](https://gist.github.com/a-rodin/fef3f543412d6e1ec5b6cf55bf197d7b#gistcomment-3009239).
